[Music]
how's it going you guys Marty here from
Atari jams calm I am hanging out at one
of my favorite music shops buffalo
brothers in Carlsbad California I'm
actually going to leave a link below so
you can check out the shop at got you
know amazing guitars for sale I'm gonna
demo or in other words to show you one
of the lovely guitars they have at the
shop we've got a 62 reissue Fender
Jazzmaster here and it's pretty sick
pretty I mean it's obviously not as
common as your Fender Strat or your
Fender Telecaster but nonetheless is a
popular guitar and you've seen you know
probably like even like heavy hard
rocker guys play these guitars before I
just tell me it threw a clean sound
playing kind of a jazzy thing but it is
a versatile guitar you know it sounds
really good with distortion so what I'm
gonna do is I'm just going to read off
some of the little stats for you on this
guitar that good mm-hmm okay so this is
based on the guitar that was introduced
in 1958 the Jazz master guitar was the
first Fender instrument to feature an
offset waist body a rosewood fingerboard
separate lead and rhythm circuits with
separate volume and tone controls a
funny bridge and floating locking
tremolo the american vintage 62 jazz
master reissue has a distinctive look
and sound of the original including the
warm sounding pickups original beating
rhythm circuit switching and funny
tremolo with tremolo lock alright so
that was just a quick rundown on this
guitar recommend you go into one of your
local shops and try
out for yourself but it was nice nice
and fun to play it it's got a great feel
a real fun guitar to rock out on so
anyway we'll see you real soon
guitar jams calm I got a cool link down
there a free ebook and a bunch of free
lessons that you can get when you click
the link below so I always appreciate
that we'll see you real soon